MONTHLY AI USAGE REPORT APP

Recommended desktop download
----------------------------
Use the platform-specific ZIP from the GitHub release. It includes a private
Python runtime and does not install or change Python on the computer.

Source edition requirements
---------------------------
This source folder requires Python 3.11 or newer. No runtime packages need to
be installed.

Start on macOS
--------------
1. Double-click START-MAC.command.
2. If macOS says it cannot verify the launcher, click Done. Do not click Move
   to Trash if you intend to verify and run this download.
3. Open Apple menu > System Settings > Privacy & Security, scroll to Security,
   and click Open Anyway beside START-MAC.command. This choice is normally
   available for about one hour after the blocked launch.
4. Authenticate, confirm Open, and keep the Terminal window open while using
   the browser app. Close the Terminal window to stop the app.
5. Only use Open Anyway after verifying the release ZIP's SHA-256 checksum. If
   the control is unavailable on a managed Mac, contact IT; do not disable
   Gatekeeper or remove quarantine attributes.

Start on Windows
----------------
1. Double-click START-WINDOWS.bat.
2. The source launcher requires Python 3.11+. The Windows desktop release does not.

Use the app
-----------
Double-click the launcher and use the browser address it opens automatically.
Do not type a saved localhost address: 127.0.0.1:8765 is only the preferred
default, and the port may differ when it is already occupied. If the same app
version is running, the launcher reopens its address. Otherwise, it selects a
free local port and opens that exact address.
Choose a daily, weekly, monthly, or custom reporting range and your timezone.
Select a Bedrock collector script stored anywhere on this device, choose an AWS
profile or enter temporary AWS credentials. The conventional local Codex
sessions folder is detected automatically; choose another only when needed.
Open Circuit, paste the visible dashboard page text, then use the app to
extract and verify month-to-date tokens and approximate cost. Generate the
report, review the formatted table, and export Markdown, Word-compatible .doc,
or Print / Save PDF.

Security and limitations
------------------------
- The server is available only on this computer and stops when its terminal closes.
- AWS credentials stay in memory for one collector run and are never saved.
- Confirm the displayed AWS Lambda URL before approving collector egress.
- The Function URL must belong to the deployed usage-collector Lambda. It is not
  a Bedrock model endpoint, function Amazon Resource Name (ARN), access key, or
  AWS sign-in URL.
- Find it in AWS Console > Lambda > Functions > select the collector function >
  Function overview or Configuration > Function URL. Verify Auth type AWS
  Identity and Access Management (AWS_IAM).
- Command-line lookup: aws lambda get-function-url-config --function-name
  <collector-function-name> --query FunctionUrl --output text
- Example: https://abcde12345.lambda-url.us-east-1.on.aws/
- If no collector Lambda exists, ask the collector owner to deploy it and grant
  access; creating a Function URL by itself does not create the collector.
- Browser same-origin controls prevent the local app from silently reading an
  authenticated Circuit tab. Only text you explicitly copy or paste is parsed.
- Local Codex telemetry is not authoritative ChatGPT subscription billing.
- The Bedrock collector accepts a rolling number of days ending on retrieval;
  it does not recreate an arbitrary historical AWS range.
